Add check that activity is not null before opening settings screen (#1479)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-android: CHANGELOG.md

## Version 4.0.1 (Under development)

### App Center Distribute

> * **[Fix]** Fix crush when app is trying to open a settings screen from a background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix a crash when the app is trying to open the system settings screen from the background.
```
